Publish .NET app some rewording (#42760)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/docker/build-container.md

## Publish .NET app

> In order for the application to be suitable for an image creation it has to be built. `dotnet publish` command is most apt for this. For in-depth reference, see [dotnet build](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-build) and [dotnet publish](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-publish) commands documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for the app to be suitable for an image creation it has to be built. The `dotnet publish` command is most apt for this, as it builds and publishes the app. For an in-depth reference, see [dotnet build](/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-build) and [dotnet publish](/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-publish) commands documentation.
```
